# HW7-Factory-

1. In manufacturing, most factories operate as a queue using the FIFO 
approach. Orders are processed as they are received on a first come first 
serve basis. However, some companies allow for “rush jobs”, where 
certain orders can jump to the front of the line. This usually comes at a 
great cost. In this assignment you will create a program to simulate this 
type of factory using an Order class that you will develop and a priority 
queue. 
a. Your program should run in a loop, each iteration ofwhich 
corresponds to a day of work at the factory.
b. Each order is assigned a priority, an integer between 1 (highest 
priority) and 20 (lowest priority). From among all orders waiting to
be filled, the factory must work on completing the order with 
highest priority.
c. Each job must has a name which is simply “Order_” + an integer 
beginning at 1 and increasing by 1, with each new order added to 
the queue.
d. In this simulation, each order will also come with a length value, 
which is an integer between 10 and 50, indicating the number of 
days that are needed to process the order. For simplicity, you may 
assume an order is not interrupted, once it is has started 
production.
e. As most factories are in business to make money, it is important to 
keep track how much revenue is generated by each order. Your 
Order class should also have a value equal to the length of the 
order, multiplied by 25000.
f. Your simulator must output the name of each Order being 
produced in each day and its priority.
2. Begin your simulation with ten randomly simulated Orders. Randomly
assign a priority and a length value, and add them to your priority queue.
a. Every 50 days, add another Order to the priority queue.
b. There should be a 50% chance that the order is a rush job. If this 
happens, ensure that the priority of this order is 1 and the value of 
the order is three times the normal rate.
c. If the order is not a rush job, it goes to the back of priority queue. 
d. If the queue is empty before the simulation ends, then the company must heavily discount a project to keep the factory running. Add a 
job of random length and priority with a value of 10000 per day. 
3. The simulation ends after 2 years (730 days). Print the total number of 
Orders processed, number of rush jobs, number of discounted jobs and 
amount of revenue earned during the simulation. 
